GloSED database incorporation (#1022)
nf-core/ampliseq: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## nf-core/ampliseq version DEV

Reviewer: The CHANGELOG looks like as if this PR is based on master. But it should be based on dev. Please change if possible.

### `Added`

> - [[#1008](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/issues/1008)] - added new GloSED database for classification of Eukaryotic ITS. Not support for SH numbers as of yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [[#1022](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/issues/1022)] - added new GloSED database for classification of Eukaryotic ITS. Not support for SH numbers as of yet. (by @tom-brekke)
```
We started to use github handles for each PR for increased visibility
